How did you get involved
with this case?
In 1979 I walked into a
bookstore and I saw
Lee and Brit Elders' photo book
on the Meier case.
In 1986 a guy I met in a little
cafe gave me almost 2000 pages
of transcripts of Meier's
conversations with the Plejaren.
So Mike, where are we going
right now?
We're going over to
do a radio show
with Michael Parker at
a radio show called Karma Air
that broadcasts out of
Hollywood, somewhere here on
Sunset Boulevard,
to discuss the Billy Meier case.
Mr. Horn, how are you?
Come on in.
I'm looking forward to this show
because, um... I've been into
the UFO thing for a long time.
Truth seekers, how's it going?
This is Michael Parker, and this
is another episode of Dark
Matter here on Karma Air.
Billy Meier case is not one
that I have fully investigated,
so I'm going to be learning
today, just as you guys.
Plenty of adamant believers,
and plenty of staunch critics.
So it's a amazing story,
and let's just cut
straight to the chase, and
Michael, welcome to the show.
Thanks, Michael,
glad to be here.
Billy Meier is
a soon-to-be 70-year-old man
living in Switzerland.
Meier has one arm,
he lost his arm in about 1965.
He started to take
photographs of UFOs in 1964.
He claims that his first
contacts with extraterrestrials
took place when he was
only a 5-year-old boy,
that there is more photographic
evidence and video evidence
for this particular case than
any other existing case.
And it's almost so good that
you're just, like, Holy Cow!
When he took a lot of this
material, took these photos,
there was no Photoshop,
there were no home computers.
If these had been hoaxes,
his designs for these craft
are quite interesting.
These official contacts
with extraterrestrials
taking hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of photographs and
films and everything else
that followed, the skeptics
would like us to believe that
this man, with no resources,
working as a night watchman and
on a partial disability pension,
with one hand,
is not only a master model
maker, filmmaker, photographer,
digital and special effects
person, videographer,
metallurgist, electronics
genius, sound recording
engineer, knowledgeable about
topography and mapmaking,
geography, ancient history,
mining, ores, agriculture,
and 30 other disciplines
that he's brought to bear
in terms of
the information on this case.
They will credit him with that,
but they won't say, hey,
the guy's telling the truth,
he's the one that's
meeting with these people.
In 1958 Meier sent
to the 25 European countries
about 115-120
specific predictions.
The United States of America
will be engaged in
two wars with Iraq.
The second war will be
conducted under a president who
is a son of a former president.
The second war will lead to
an unbelievable disaster.
The end game is this,
and this has been said
even before we launched
the war in Iraq, pertaining
to US military policies.
Unless the United States
withdraws from all military
bases and from all wars,
and stops sticking its nose
in everybody else's business
around the world,
there will be a Third World War
which will eliminate
three-quarters of
the population of the planet.
It will devastate
the North American continent.
We will be
among the hardest hit.
All of our major cities
will be destroyed.
We are in for a bad time.
And I said, Billy, I remember
reading in the prophesies
that Russia has said
there's a high likelihood
Russia will invade Iran
as well as Turkey, and then
go into Scandinavia,
and this and that.
This is all stuff allegedly
published thousands of years ago
before we
even knew about a Russia.
And I said,
but now America and Israel are
talking about attacking Iran.
And he said,
well, I'll tell you this.
If your country attacks Iran,
there is an enormous likelihood
that Russia and China, which are
becoming closer all the time,
will attack your country.
And that's actually
been spoken about
as a possibility for a while.
It's already in prophecies
that they published years ago
that I've even put
in one of my newsletters.
Of course that's bothered
a lot of people, but they should
also be bothered that
Meier has spoken very harshly
about radical Islam, Russia,
China, you know, a laundry list.
He was also told,
in January of 2005,
that AIDS has mutated
and taken some new forms
that are fast-acting
and produce, from the HIV,
full-blown AIDS
within a matter of weeks.
Now, they've also said that
there would be a cure for AIDS
coming, but it would be
a vaccine that would
either occur
or be in development by 2006.
I haven't heard
an update on what that is,
but with the new... this problem
with the new strains of AIDS,
they just said very clearly
that this is something that
your scientists don't know as
much as they think they know
about most matters.
The case is so full
of prophetic, predictive
information that
wherever you can actually
check and see - did it happen?
Is this what's happening?
OK, it happened.
Now, are the details the same?
Yeah, the details are the same.
Well, who published it first?
In every case but one,
that I know of,
Meier published it first.
[children speaking German]
[Meier speaking German]
>>We are here on earth
to lead ourlives because
our consciousness
must be developed,
so that it gathers knowledge,
gathers wisdom,
builds up love, peace,
freedom and harmony.
The human exists in the material
life on earth in order to learn,
just as other humankinds do
on other worlds
in the entire universe.
[Meier speaking German]
>>My name is Eduard Albert
Meier, but all around the world
I am simply called Billy.
I received the name in Tehran
when I was on the road,
and since then this name
has remained with me.
[Meier speaking German]
>>I'd say, in and of itself,
my childhood was very good
and very pleasant for me.
I learned very much, on the one
hand, because of my parents,
and on the other hand
because of an extraterrestrial
called Sfath,
whom I got to know in 1942.
[Meier speaking German]
>>How old were you then?
>>I was 5 years old.
And this man Sfath
taught me very much of
my school knowledge, besides
many other things, just as
Pastor Emanuel Zimmermann did.
Then I confided in the pastor,
and he told me that
I did not need to be afraid.
He explained to me
what telepathy is.
[Meier speaking German]
>>Whenever I ran off, Sfath
helped me to hide somewhere,
and he took me in his spaceship
and he flew somewhere with me
where we could talk and
where I could learn from him.
Neurolinguistic programming,
"neuro" standing for
how you take the world in
through your five senses,
"linguistic" is how that is
communicated internally to you,
and then "programming"
is how do we change
those internal communications
so that we can
take the world in differently?
NLP was started in 1975,
basically, modeling
some therapists.
And now, today,
it's really used
much more as far as
in the business community.
So the skills of
Neurolinguistic Programming
are pretty much pervasive
in healthcare and education
in a lot of different places.
What I am noticing
is here is that he is looking
down to his right a lot.
And when people look
down to their right,
very often they're accessing
emotions, they're accessing
aspects of what's going on
from an emotional sense.
He's also looking
down a little bit to his left,
which would be
his analytical mind.
So, but most of this is looking
down to his emotional self.
It looks like he's talking
pretty slow, at a nice pace.
So that would be congruent with
his speaking from his heart.
His eyes, however,
are blinking quite a bit.
And, that could be
an indication, from
a body language point of view,
that he's actually
not being congruent, that
there's some nervousness there.
However, if he is intelligent,
that also
may account for that
and counter it.
While the attacks on me and
other people have been really
relatively tame compared to
what's been directed at Meier,
they've really only
encouraged me to keep on going
and get to the bottom
of this story.
So, Michael,
where are we right now?
We just arrived at
the Aquarius Hotel and Casino
in lovely Laughlin, Nevada.
We're at the home of the
International UFO Congress,
where we're going
to do our little presentation
on Friday to present
some of the new information
on the Billy Meier case.
There's always new translations
that are being made available
on materials, some of which
date back fifty years or more.
Meier had an interesting
childhood, to say the least.
Some of it he considered
to be very, very positive,
but some of it was
enormously difficult for him.
He had, since his earlier
contact experiences with this
man, Sfath, it developed in him
a duality, if you will.
The private inner life,
the private life of
his communications, and then
being very alienated from
other children and other people
because he couldn't express,
he couldn't tell them
anything about this.
He had support from a parish
priest, Father Zimmermann.
Father Zimmermann,
who became a confidant.
He had actually been contacted,
apparently telepathically,
by the Plejaren, to prepare him
to be a source of help for
young Meier, who, they told him,
would come to him.
There was one situation
where a woman had been abusive,
beating him.
At some point she hits him,
slaps him, I think,
with a wet towel that
he then takes away from her,
and slaps her with this towel.
This gets him incarcerated,
for a period of time,
in a youth prison.
Then, after he's out of
that situation,
he seems to attract repeated
accusations of wrongdoing,
things that he didn't do.
But he doesn't defend himself,
he doesn't put up any kind of a
fight about it. Ends up
again being incarcerated.
He escapes from this facility,
and in the process, I think,
he breaks a bone in his foot,
injures himself.
He goes and joins
The French Foreign Legion.
We're talking about somebody
who's 15 or 16 years of age.
[Meier speaking German]
>>I joined
The French Foreign Legion
because I simply wanted
to leave everything behind me,
the false accusations
and so forth.
I wanted to elude the court, and
then when I was in the Legion,
I came to the conclusion that
that was not the correct way.
He found himself with people
who loved to kill, and
who were trained to become
better and better killers.
It was not something
that was his calling.
And he escaped. He did something
quite unusual. He walked
out across the desert, left the
French Foreign Legion behind him
[Meier speaking German]
>>That's why I returned to
Switzerland and I gave myself up
to the authorities who
locked me up in an institution
for more than two years.
[Meier speaking German]
>>He learns
a variety of different skills.
He is befriended
by one or more people there
who want to assist him
and help him
in his development, his life.
He's a young person still.
And many of these skills
that he would learn in prison,
he would employ and use
later in life in various ways.
[Meier speaking German]
>>In each case
I financed the travels
by working under way,
as is customary and right,
to honestly
make my way through life.
[Meier speaking German]
>>Now and then, Sfath also
took me to various
government people whom I met,
and with whom I could speak.
And indeed, through a speech
translator, a small translation
device which had been fastened
on my belt or breast pocket,
and so each time,
I could have a conversation
with a concerned person
without problems.
[Meier speaking German]
>>Sfath had previously been
with each of these people
who he had introduced to me.
He had had conversations with
them and he was known by them
as an extraterrestrial.
There were various persons,
for example,
Gandhi in India,
Farouk down in Egypt, and
in Abyssinia in today's Ethipoia
I met Selassie.
So are you ready for the speech,
the presentation?
Pretty much. It's not something
I rehearse, exactly.
I just lay out
my bullet points and
things will be on the screen,
then tell the stories like,
can he have covered 142,000
miles on foot hitchhiking?
Worked something like
360 different jobs,
from dog catcher
to snake handler,
private detective?
For a while, he was known as
The Phantom.
The Phantom?
Yeah.
He was employed by some Middle
Eastern police departments
to bring in serial killers
and mass murderers.
He had his
Swiss leather jacket on
with the Swiss cross,
and Arab headdress.
>>Well, maybe he could find
Osama.
>>Yeah, nobody else seems to be
able to do it.
It's funny you say that
because Meier actually met
Saddam Hussein when he was
an up and coming thug.
[Meier speaking German]
>>I met Saddam Hussein
during one of my travels
down in Baghdad.
At that time he was
about the same age as I was,
about 22 years old, I think.
I don't know any more precisely
because it was a long time ago.
He was already someone
who had turned to crime,
and who said that if he could
one day somehow take control,
he would do everything
to be recognized by the people,
even if he had to
play the role of a holy person.
[Meier speaking German]
>>When Sfath died
in the early 50's,
I was contacted
by a female voice.
A short time later a
young woman named Asket appeared
who then took up contact
with me, and these contacts
lasted for another 11 years.
>>What we're told,
in this case, is that
Billy Meier has been
the contact person
chosen by these
extraterrestrial human beings
for a very specific purpose,
and that is
to bring to our world,
once again,
what they call
the true teachings of creation.
The Plejaren are said to be
extraterrestrial human beings
who live in a star system
that is in the direction of the
Pleiades star system that
we can see in our night sky.
The common portrayal
of extraterrestrials as
little green men or
little grey people is part of
a disinformation campaign.
We are told that there are
so many extraterrestrial
human races in the universe
that we would be surprised.
Often when
people feel vulnerable
or small
or powerless,
and there are times
in all of our lives that we do,
it's very comforting
to believe in something
bigger and better than you.
A power, for example,
an extraterrestrial
that knows more than you do,
that can predict the future,
that can take away
the uncertainty.
There are a lot of schizotypal
people who do believe in UFOs,
and do believe that we've been
contacted by extraterrestrials.
There is also something called
a delusional disorder,
which is considered
a psychotic disorder,
but it's very interesting.
People who have this disorder
appear very normal, except for
a very compartmentalized
delusion that they have,
like, that they have a
relationship with
extraterrestrials.
Other than that,
they function pretty well.
Do you see yourself as a
missionary of Billy Meier?
I hope not in the sense of the
word that I understand it.
I do feel a sense of mission,
but does that
make me a missionary?
I hope not.
What's wrong with
being a missionary?
Well, I don't want to
knock on doors and tell people
how they should think and
how they should behave,
what they should believe and
that they should believe
anything in particular.
What I do want to do
in my presentation,
in my personal work,
is to say, please look at this.
Please consider this.
Think about this.
This is what's alleged.
This is what
we claim we can prove.
This is what's
still speculative.
What does this mean?
It's a non-bizarre delusion.
So you ask the question,
what's a bizarre delusion versus
what's a non-bizarre delusion?
A non-bizarre delusion
could very well be
that extraterrestrials
have contacted somebody.
But the person
might be diagnosed
with delusional disorder.
Again, it doesn't mean
it's not true.
And this is where
things get ambiguous.
So, you know, I for one can
live with the ambiguity of it.
Um... I'd kind of like
to think that, you know,
extraterrestrials
have contacted us.
I'd like to believe that, and
I'd like to see the evidence.
[Meier speaking German]
Together with Asket I traveled
around, and was also able to
make trips into the past with
her and also into the future,
but I don't want to talk about
the travels into the future.
[Meier speaking German]
>>I not only told friends,
but also other people
about the future,
and some of them even
misused that information
and tried to make money from it
and were
sentenced and imprisoned.
[Meier speaking German]
>>If a person could
really really know the future
it would be,
probably an enormous burden,
depending on
what we're talking about.
But, certainly,
if you saw events
that were going to occur with
certainty,
however that would be possible,
and these were negative events,
disasters, etc, that would be
a terribly disturbing thing.
Knowing that one
could not change or alter that
would be enormously frustrating.
He claims to have met a man
called Jmmanuel, and Jmmanuel,
according to
the information in the case,
would be the man
whom we know as Jesus Christ.
Or, at least, the Jesus Christ
figure would be,
according to
the Meier material,
a fictionalized version
of a real man
who lived 2000-some years ago,
who indeed was crucified
but survived the crucifixion.
[Meier speaking German]
>>When Jmmanuel lived,
he was later falsely named
Jesus Christ, and
he never had anything to do with
the religion which was made
from his teachings.
[Meier speaking German]
Jmmanuel was not
an extraterrestrial.
He was therefore
a human being from this world
begotten by an extraterrestrial
with a terrestrial woman
named Mary, and was born here on
the Earth as an Earth human.
[Meier speaking German]
>>And where did Asket
present you to him?
I don't actually want to say
anything about that.
What is the Talmud Jmmanuel?
The Talmud Jmmanuel
is a document.
It came about when Billy Meier
and Isa Rashid, who was
a former Greek Orthodox priest,
were led telepathically to
an area outside of Jerusalem,
by the Plejaren, and they
found and dug their way
into an abandoned ancient tomb.
The stones in the floor,
concealed for a while,
for 2,000 years apparently,
resin-encrusted
animal-skin-wrapped scrolls,
which they took out
and removed from that location.
When they opened up one
they found they were in Aramaic.
So Isa Rashid took the scrolls,
and began a translation process.
In something like seven years,
he sent Meier
about one-third of these
scrolls, translated
from the Aramaic, in which they
originally were, into German.
He let Meier know that
he was now virtually on the run
with his family for their lives.
He told Meier that there were
certain religious factions
of a couple major religions
that found out that he had these
scrolls, and they wanted to take
possession of them themselves.
The information would prove
to be enormously heretical.
After Isa Rashid
had translated a chunk of them,
he took them and his family into
a refugee village in Lebanon,
hid the scrolls in the walls.
It's said that within about
a week's time, the Israelis
came in and destroyed
the entire village.
The scrolls were destroyed,
along with many of the
structures and people,
who lost their lives.
Isa Rashid and his family
escaped with their lives
into Iraq.
And four years later,
Meier found out that
Isa Rashid and his entire family
had been machine-gunned to death
ostensibly by
the Mossad in Baghdad.
For instance, Jmmanuel foretold
the coming of another prophet.
He named him as Mohammed.
He claimed that, while this man
would be a true prophet,
his teachings would
also be corrupted and
a false and evil cult
would be created from them
that would give the Israeli
people, the distant descendants,
no peace until the end of time,
unless, hopefully, both
the Israelis and their enemies
could make a conciliatory
and honest peace
with each other.
The Talmud of Jmmanuel
contains prophecies
about the fires
that would darken the sky
when greedy and
power-hungry people would ignite
the very oil of the earth.
The Talmud Jmmanuel
was discovered in 1963.
The fires from the Gulf War
that darkened the skies
did not occur until 1991,
18 years after the Talmud
was discovered.
There are two artifacts
that are shown in this book
that Meier discovered
in the tomb where the Talmud
Jmmanuel was discovered.
The first one was
a small figurine,
that Meier says was left by the
Indian healers with Jmmanuel,
the men who came and ministered
to Him over those three days
while He was
sequestered in the tomb.
The other artifact is
a piece of gypsum that
Gabriel allegedly
gave to Jmmanuel.
Both of these were left
for Meier to discover
as he did centuries later.
[Meier speaking German]
>>When I was in India in 1964,
I lived in the Ashoka Ashram
outside of Mehrauli
with a monk named Dharmawara,
from whom I also
learned a great deal.
It was then that
the opportunity arose
for the first time for me
to photograph spaceships,
that is to say, beamships.
[Meier speaking German]
>>And that is my grandfather
when he was in his late 80's,
and myself a year and a half
before I left to come to the
United States to persue
my university studies.
As I continued my university
studies, I had forgotten
all about that contact.
It never stayed in a place
in my mind where it is utilized.
I went on finishing my graduate
work, went to help my country,
became a diplomat,
was sent back to New York
to represent my country
at the United Nations,
worked at it for 12 years.
One day I was cleaning,
and came across the book again.
So I thought, before I throw
it away I should look at it.
I opened the page and saw
the name Ashoka Ashram.
So I was wondering, how could
our place be named in this book?
As I browsed through it,
I saw the stories,
and immediately I thought,
I bet you it was
the same Swiss person
that had stayed at our place
when I was a child, if he's the
person that I knew...
if he has the monkey,
it's the same person.
So Wendelle wrote to him,
and I think Wendelle said
within an hour Billy wrote back.
A few months later I flew out.
We sat and talked for three
straight nights without sleep.
It was almost like...
I felt I had returned home,
and he felt he had returned home
[laughs]
So it's just sharing of
some part of him that he has
not been able to share so much
with a lot of people before.
She seems like
her body language is congruent,
so it's, in other words,
when she's speaking, her hands
move with whatever is going on.
She's saying, I remember this.
Typically if I was lying
I wouldn't throw
something like that in, 'cause
I'm trying to get through it
as quick as possible.
So she goes into little snippets
of the story... I would say that
the way she's presenting it,
either she's rehearsed it really
well or this is...
she's telling
what she believes in.
So this ship would appear,
usually would be around
the same time as I have the
visitation or sometime...
this was taken by Billy Meier.
It's 1965, it's a very hot day
in Turkey. Meier gets on a bus,
sits next to the window,
sticks his arm out.
[Meier speaking German]
>>When another bus,
whose driver was drunk,
drove towards us and rammed us,
I was hurled out the window and
my left arm was
smashed and crushed
to such a degree that
it had to be amputated.
For the next month
he wanders around hallucinating.
The police recognize him--
they knew him as The Phantom.
Instead of shooting him on the
spot, they took care of him
until he was well enough
to proceed on his way.
>>Whereby it must be said that
after the accident I first
went down to Kuwait delirious.
What I had done simply wasn't
appropriate, I don't want to be
persuaded into talking about it.
Asket told me that through this
I will learn things with regard
to self control, dealing with my
own thoughts and feelings,
my psychology and so forth.
And it turned out that,
actually, she was right.
I met my wife in Greece
after my accident in Iskenderun.
The Corinth police helped us
get the wedding papers, and then
we were officially arrested
only to be told at the police
station, well, you are now
married and there is nothing
we can hold against you.
My decision to marry this girl
had to do with an explanation
by Asket in the 50's,
and earlier by Sfath,
that I would meet this girl
one day and marry her.
And it really turned out that
quite bad things resulted,
in that my marriage wasn't
happy, and so on and so forth.
Asket's and Sfath's explanation
was, were I to marry Kalliope,
I would settle down and would
begin my mission and would
perform this mission
no matter what.
The notion of,
"There was a Center"
didn't even occur to me until
I was maybe 7 or 8 years old.
For me it was just
a patch of land
in the green hills
of Switzerland.
So I could be here,
discover things,
discover nature,
ask questions about nature.
And of course, there were
many people surrounding me
from different
parts of the world.
>>By chance I have found
a book in a shop and
I found a way to
all the pictures of Billy.
The name was
"Contact from the Pleiades".
It was telling
all the story of Billy.
And I was very highly impressed,
then I tried to come here to see
where the refuge was and get
as many information as possible.
>>My name is Bernadette Brand.
I actually come from
Hinterschmidruti, because
I've lived here for 30 years.
Friends had told me
amazing things about Billy,
but, basically,
I didn't want to meet him.
Then I came into a situation
where I had to confront him, and
was unbelievably surprised that
he accepted me exactly as I was.
>>I come from
the north of Germany.
In 1974, my first husband
died of cancer.
And then I was on
a search for the truth,
searching for an answer
to, What is Death?
In addition,
there was the big question,
What is the Meaning of Life?
>>1977, I think, I read about
him twice in two journals,
but did not continue to pay
attention to it.
I thought such a contact
in Switzerland does not appear
realistic to me, but for a long
time I was interested in
extraterrestrial life,
reincarnation
and related things.
I pondered about
the meaning of life, and then...
Well, I had once been a member
in an American association and
read in the newsletter
about a Swiss farmer,
and about a photo book about his
contacts with extraterrestrials.
>>How do you know him?
>>Quite simple- he's my father.
>>So how was it as a child?
>>That was very difficult,
because it didn't come
just from the children,
rather more from the adults who
then influenced the children,
especially in the early years
and partly even today
he had a reputation
as a nutcase.
And there should be
no contact with such a person,
and this influenced
the children.
This was expressed
in that I was
ignored or teased
by my classmates.
Yes, that was difficult.
I was successful in
repressing the memory of this,
and I don't mean just in a
transferred sense, but really.
There are only a few episodes
that I still remember
from the first
18, 20 years of my life.
Everything else is buried
in my subconscious, and
I've built up my individuality
by trying out many things,
by getting around a lot,
by making the acquaintance
of many people, but also
my making many mistakes.
>>Did you ever say to your
father,"Dad, how could you
"do this? Such a hard thing?"
>>No, I never asked him
personally, but in secret
I have often
asked myself this question.
I tried to analyze
the whole situation and...
to break it down for myself,
and I came to the conclusion...
...that it is more important
to build up the mission,
to build up FIGU,
than to go into this problem.
I'm not angry with my father
because of it.
Quite the contrary --
I'm glad and happy
that he is here for me
today in this form,
and I am trying to profit and
learn as much as I can from it.
My mother always tried
to drive a wedge
between our father and us,
and tried again and again
to incite us against him.
Well, she didn't succeed
in the end, and, overall,
we have a good
relationship with our father.
He was on the road for 12 years
and, naturally, quite a bit
comes together from real life--
that fascinated me.
The people as such--
how they live, how they work,
their way of thinking,
their hospitality.
Other countries, other customs--
that naturally expands one's
horizons when one can
experience something like that.
And one day,
the question arose--
Jacobus, what do you make of
extraterrestrials?
Where the road enters the forest
there was a pile of long logs,
and very good photographs
were taken there.
>>Where are we going Billy?
>>Down to Ober-Sadelegg,
where we were able
to take photographs
of Semjase's beamship.
It was night, and
I heard a sound and steps.
At that time,
I slept in the house trailer
when I was over here
over the weekends.
I went outside because
I heard the name, "Eduard",
and saw a large, white-haired
figure in the half-darkness.
Actually, it was more the
silhouette I could recognize,
and I simultaneously perceived,
"I have to retreat, stand still"
And,
"Go back to the house trailer."
It was a wonderful feeling.
Somehow I was
inwardly fulfilled with
happiness and light and sun
and so forth, and naturally,
I've never forgotten that.
Around 1990, I saw
the ionizing hulls of
three research ships
from the Dal universe.
They were circling and
looked like misty balls.
I've also observed a mass
sighting of Asina's people.
It was at that time when Asina
came to say farewell to Billy.
When I could take photographs
it was very unusual that
other people, group members,
could go with me
and take photographs themselves.
As a rule, I always
had to go alone.
And halfway, I suddenly
had such a strange feeling,
some kind of urge which
grew stronger and stronger.
And suddenly
I knew what I should do.
I should look up.
There was a huge
cauliflower-like cloud,
a quite big silvery shining disk
curved around the cloud.
And suddenly it vanished as if
it had been cut out of a film.
I had such a wistful feeling in
me. Something like homesickness.
In my thoughts, I was always
with this huge ship.
I had several sightings of
ships, UFOs, beamships,
as they are called,
due to the fact that my father
had contact with
the Plejaren,
and repeatedly said,
"I have been called once again."
It has been a natural thing
as I had been a part of it
since childhood.
It was here
on the Center's grounds
when Billy called that we should
come, and there was a
tiny, silvery point in the sky.
And I was lucky three times
to have had the occasion
to photograph three UFOs.
Naturally, I didn't see them
when I took the photographs,
only when I had the photographs
in my hand.
So it was by coincidence?
Yes.
While taking the photograph,
I saw a fiery, red, big disk
which didn't appear at all
on my photograph.
But what I also saw, and what
was also on the photo, was
some glittering drizzle, which
sprayed down from that disk.
Once I was with other witnesses
when Semjase eliminated a
free-standing, approximately 3-5
meter tall fir tree in a meadow.
It suddenly disappeared.
The apple,
which is still preserved today
in this glass jar,
has been here now
for around 30 years.
In spite of that, in my view,
it still looks
exactly as good as it did then.
We're not just dealing
with an ordinary apple
because it was not grown
in a terrestrial garden.
Rather, it comes from a food
garden, or a greenhouse,
which is situated in spaceship
commander Jschwjsch Ptaah's
huge mother ship.
This is what's special
about this apple.
Unfortunately,
almost nobody has accepted
this apple story of mine.
Back there long logs were lying
where the road curves
and beyond, at the curve
just in front of the forest,
there where it goes
into the forest,
I once made recordings
of the whirring sounds of
Semjase's beamship.
You could hear it
over a very big area,
up to a distance
of 4 kilometers.
Wendelle Stevens, Lee Elders and
Tom Welch got a measuring device
from Weil Limited,
up in Rheintal.
Accompanied with electronic
devices, and measured
the distance from here to there,
about 380 meters,
which made it possible for the
sounds to be recorded from here.
[pulsing, high-pitched sound]
What's happening is
the ten different frequencies
are converging
on one central frequency
which is, I find,
very interesting.
This is probably one of
the most interesting things
about the tape
is that there are...
What's this right now?
Very, very many tones.
Yeah. And they're all changing
very fast.
There aren't synthesizers on the
market that have oscillators
that change that randomly, even
if you got 9 or 10 of them
going, they wouldn't change from
those peaks that quickly.
So the significant thing
is this rate of change.
And besides,
if you were going to create
a noise for a spaceship,
you'd be hard put
to come up with something as
original as this.
>>I would see it once a week
or sometimes twice a week,
ships over the Ashoka Ashram.
But from an angle.
Behind Ashoka Ashram
there is a little hill,
and we used to call it
Dark Hill.
This was taken on May 24, 1964.
This was taken just on the side
towards the east of the ashram.
Sometimes I would see
more than two,
there would be
a whole bunch of them.
Taken from monuments in that
area, it's called [unclear],
this is an old
Indian historical monument.
Very interesting
and also important to me,
a whole bunch of them.
But this is one of my aya
washing my clothes,
sitting on the veranda
outside of my room.
When I had my experiences,
I have seen a lot of ships
over the trees, near the well,
on the Dark Hill.
Sometimes it was very low.
I could see a huge,
half-of-this-room-sized
of the ship.
So when I had experiences
with Asket it was also
not something very unusual
or strange for me.
It was almost a return
to some familiar state.
Sometimes there would be
a few villagers walking around
and they would
look up and see this.
In the ashram itself
sometimes a servant would come
and say, I saw something
very strange, have you seen...
I would say, "Yes."
And that was the end of it.
This is right on top of the
ashram, in the evening.
Sometimes there would be people
looking up with me, looking up.
And some of them would see the
ship very clearly, like myself.
But some would look around
and said, I don't see it.
This is
one of the phenomena where
hundreds of people saw this.
Even was written in the Indian
newspaper in the 60's.
Actually, one reporter was
dispatched from the newspaper,
I think The New Statesman,
or something.
He came,
talked to the villagers,
talked to people
who work at our place,
and even talked to Billy,
and was shown the photos.
During my night watch,
I parked my car just here,
everything was dark here, and I
came walking along this road.
As I was walking along,
Ptaah in his shiny little ship
came over this hill,
brightly illuminated
between the trees
over the tent there.
The whole situation after 25
years is somewhat normal,
and we deal with such unusual
phenomena quite differently.
I had another
interesting experience,
I guess it was in February 2001
I wrote about it.
I drove my car into the
protection shield
of a telemeter disk.
That means that I touched
the electro-energetic protection
shield of that disk with my car,
and the whole car was enveloped
in a huge ball of light.
It was as if
my car and I were struck by a
very strong electrical tension.
In the mid 80's,
I was on vacation in Italy.
And one night about 11,
I had an impulse and I looked,
and there were two lights,
quite parallel, very fast.
And then they whooshed! passed.
And then I knew--
Yeah, that was it.
I have certainly never
yet seen extraterrestrials.
But spaceships, yeah,
something silvery in the sky...
Well, I have to say that
I have simply never been
interested in spaceships.
Spaceships are, for me, like
cars. I'm not interested
in cars, either. They are a
means of transportation.
But what has always been clear
to me, and what I never
quite realized, was that it
was clear to me that, logically
there are extraterrestrials.
We here on earth certainly
are not the only ones
in this huge universe.
>>So, Mike, what's this
photograph that we see here?
>>This is a photograph that
Billy Meier took in 1975
of a landed UFO,
the only one of this type
that he was able to take.
It was from this photograph
that the special effects expert
Wally Gentleman, who had been a
director of special effects
on 2001, designed and had made
two UFO models at the
MGM special effects studio.
In these photographs we see
Billy Meier with those models.
>>You mean 2001, the Kubrick
film? >>Yes.
>>And what's the difference
between these models versus,
you know, photographs that Billy
Meier took of actual UFOs?
>>Well, I think we're going to
take a look at some of that.
For instance here we can see in
this film the model of...
one of the models being handheld
and walked about the property.
There were very specific
technical differences
that were observed, but
in this film we see an object
that some people
might say is a model.
It's hovering above
what appears to be a tree,
and in front of a house.
>>Is this one of his films?
>>This is one of
Billy Meier's films,
his earliest film from 1975.
Some people would think
by a string, but
as you see this move
off to the side, you notice
the UFO hung for a moment
at an angle, which is something
that's impossible to effect
with an object on a string.
>>But it looks like so shaky and
like being pulled up and down.
>>Yes.
>>And is this the usual way
that they fly?
>>No, this was
a demonstration flight, and
some of what was accomplished
here was the characteristic,
to be expected movements
would come from an object,
a pendulum-like object,
an object on a string.
And then we see these other
smooth and flowing movements
as the UFO is moving about the
tree. We are told that this
was done for a couple of
reasons. One, to actually
demonstrate flight in a
terrestrial environment.
And two, to also give an out to
skeptics who would have to say,
"This cannot be
an object from outer space."
It would be too threatening
to their belief systems.
However, at a certain point
we can actually see
the top of this tree swaying
under the backwash of the UFO.
And if we look back at
the very opening of this film,
we will notice that there is a
great deal of space between
the UFO and the sky,
making it very, very unlikely
that it could be
an object suspended on a string.
>>And why is this film so like,
blurry and like...
it looks like an old film.
>>Well, it is an old film,
shot in 1975 on a snowy and
rainy day, according to Meier,
and shot from a distance.
So what we're seeing here
is a rather poor quality film,
to be sure, and we're just
having to make the best of it
ourselves and our understanding.
>>Is this tree
still there today?
>>The tree is no longer there,
as is the case in a couple of
the other films and photographs
that Meier took.
>>Now what do we see here?
>>Here is a clearer,
a much clearer film segment
that Meier took with
a UFO hovering above a road,
and we can see a car moving
slowly to the left
in the bottom...
>>Oh yeah, that white dot there.
>>Yeah, the white dot.
We're gonna see
another one in a moment.
We also notice that there is a
tree branch with some leaves
to the left.
Meier was encouraged oftentimes
to have objects in the
foreground for perspective,
and calculating the distance.
Here, the craft
has moved suddenly to the left,
and is exhibiting
a characteristic floating motion
that we're told is really
the craft riding on
the magnetic field of the earth.
In this film,
we can see an object,
a toy made in the 1990's,
invented by physicists,
it's called a Levitron, that
exhibits this type of movement
as this object,
in these repeated frames,
floats above the base.
We dissolve here
into Meier's UFO,
as it, too, is exhibiting
that type of
hovering, pulsing movement
on the magnetic field
of the earth, as he was told.
Now watch as the object
will suddenly dart away,
in one frame
disappearing from view.
>>How is that possible?
>>Meier was told that
they have technologies
that allow them to move
out of phase,
out of dimension,
within a part of a second.
They can not only move
out of dimension that quickly,
they can also pop
back into dimension.
When the films
were examined at Nippon TV,
they discover that, indeed,
there had been no cutting,
and that the object not only
disappears in one frame,
but pops back in in one frame,
just as suddenly,
as you'll see here.
>>So, where does it go
while it's gone?
>>Well, that's a good question.
As we observe it here disappear
one more time, we can wonder
just exactly where it goes.
I don't have an answer for it.
That's Billy Meier
in the lower middle of the film.
He's walked into the film.
He'd set up his camera
on the tripod,
as we again see one of the UFOs
hovering in the distance.
And again, notice that it
has this movement, this slight,
pulsing, up and down movement
as it rides on
the magnetic field of the earth.
>>And this film?
>>This film, Meier has the UFO.
As it comes in closer
he also zooms in on it a bit,
and we will see two very
dramatic effects of a light
flashing there from the top.
?Oh, Yeah.
>>You see it?
And then
from the rim of the ship.
>>Why is it flashing like that?
>>That was not explained.
As a matter of fact,
when Meier mentioned it to them,
to the extraterrestrials, they
were surprised at that effect,
and they wanted
to see the film, too.
We see it again go on... there.
Now, as you watch this film,
you're going to be able to
observe more clearly that
the craft is actually
above the earth. There's
a bit of a hill or mountain
just below the timecodes there.
So, clearly,
this was photographed outside.
This was filmed outside.
And this is
one of the films
that the owners of
Uncharted Territory,
the Academy-Award-winning
special effects house,
they viewed this film
and determined that
it was not a hoax.
In this film we see
three of the UFOs,
again in the distance
with tree branches
in the foreground,
as they hover
at slightly different angles
in relationship to each other,
exhibiting again the pulsing
movement and changing distance,
ever so minutely,
between them.
Uncharted Territory said that,
if they could duplicate
Meier's films, they would have
to go to CGI to do it,
because these clearly
are not models.
>>And what is
this right here?
>>This is the beginning of
a series of photographs
that Meier took of what's
called a light or energy ship,
allegedly piloted by beings
from the Andromeda Galaxy
who are partially physical
and partially non-physical.
Very high level,
high energy beings.
They did not communicate
directly with Meier,
and he could not
communicate with them.
Interestingly enough,
Lee and Brit Elders, two of the
original investigators
on the case, claim that
they also saw a phenomenon
in the night skies like this
in Switzerland while they
were investigating the case.
Photoshop expert David Biedny
claimed that Meier had
simply used a light fixture
photographed against
a black background
to hoax these photographs,
in particular one that he
claimed was a double exposure.
When another
special effects movie expert,
who had been in the business
for 50 years, viewed
the same photograph that we're
about to see in just a moment,
he said that it was not
a double exposure at all,
but a triple exposure
that must have been taken
accidentally in the camera.
When Mr. Biedny was challenged
to duplicate this photo
to prove his point,
he declined to even try.
>>Is it
this photograph right here?
>>This is the one.
Now, in the next one, this one,
which is clearly not
a double exposure, Mr. Biedny
wouldn't even comment on it.
This poses a problem
for the skeptics because
it's clear that it
was not done outside the camera.
>>And what is this thing
that looks so interesting?
>>Well, that's our
wedding cake UFO.
This was the only other
landed UFO that Meier
was able to take photographs of,
and interestingly enough,
in very much the same location
as the energy ship
when it was photographed
in the previous photographs
right above the Center.
We see here
a more clear view
of the base of the ship
taken from this angle,
and as we get closer to it,
even a little more clarity.
These photos of the wedding cake
UFO were called hoaxes by many
people who thought that it was
merely a garbage can lid
with various appliances and
accessories somehow put onto it.
However,
when the original investigators
were able to calculate
the measurement,
it turned out to be
some ten feet in diameter.
When they took these photos
to a metallurgist to ask
if he could reproduce it
in 1980 or '81, he said that
it would cost about 25,000
dollars to make this object.
Here, an even larger
wedding cake UFO is photographed
over a van on Meier's property,
and Meier photographs it as well
from underneath.
These are
very controversial photographs
of the wedding cake UFO
glowing a golden color at night.
Here you can see
various artifacts, trees,
and perhaps light poles
in the background.
In this next photograph
Meier has a close up of it.
Even larger,
closer to the camera.
And here, a telemeter disk
moves off to the side,
and the photograph
of the tree and the car
cause problems for skeptics
who claim that this is just
a model tree and a model car.
Here we can see the most
dramatic of those photos
as Meier photographs, focusing
on the distant, large UFO,
which is behind the car
and not in front of it.
Here the object...
it is now clearer, hovering,
and we can see the base of the
UFO at night, as it glows
golden color, with various
protuberances underneath.
In this next photograph,
the center, or the core,
the top core of the UFO,
the sleeve has been extended.
If you take your time
to do some measurements on it,
you'll see that it's actually
a different configuration.
>>When was this video taken?
>>This was taken in 1981,
outside. Meier has
the camera set up.
This is his first video camera,
and the UFO here is about
two to three hundred feet
in the distance,
as best we can calculate.
Meier snaps some of the
photographs here.
He'll then leave the frame,
he'll go out of frame
again for awhile
before coming back in.
Some skeptics
had claimed that this was really
false perspective, that it was
a small model tree set up
close to the camera.
For anybody that's been
to Switzerland, rural parts
as well, and especially
near where Meier lives,
many solitary trees appear
on these hillsides. And they
look all too good to be true
unless you're familiar with the
fact that there's
a very vibrant life force,
the trees are clear,
solitary in many occasions here.
This solitary tree has
the UFO hovering virtually
motionlessly in front of it.
>>How is that possible?
In the other films
it was moving,
here it's like standing still.
>>Well, it seems that the UFOs
can be controlled consciously
by the Plejaren. People
have to think that through
for themselves and
see if they accept that idea.
This is a photograph, formerly
a top secret photograph,
of one of the Nazi UFOs,
the German UFOs
that were developed
during the early part
of the Second World War,
supposedly with the help
of extraterrestrials,
who upon further determining
the nefarious intentions
of the Nazis, input, into the
designs. elements that
caused these craft to
not be able to function
as the Germans
had hoped they would.
Nonetheless, it's said that
during the Second World War
there was an intense
bombing run by the allies.
800 bombers were sent up.
Only two of these craft
were sent up and were able to
destroy 200 of the allied
bombers, according to Lieutenant
Colonel Wendelle Stevens.
>>How did the Nazis
supposedly get these UFOs?
>>Supposedly they were helped
by an extraterrestrial race
that thought that
the Germans at the time
would develop and utilize
these craft to bring about
a more peaceful world here.
And this only goes to show that,
extraterrestrial or not,
whenever human beings are
involved in something,
things can and
ultimately will get messed up.
>>You mean, they talked
to the Nazis and gave them UFOs?
>>They apparently input the
information telepathically
to, at the time,
German scientists
who were unaware
of the contacts themselves.
They thought
that they were developing
these objects themselves.
And after the Second World War
some of these objects survived,
and some of the Germans fled
to South America with them.
Different countries came into
possession of these plans,
such as the United States,
Canada, Russia and England.
Other countries as well, later,
such as France and China,
developed this type of
alternative craft which,
while it does not
have the capability of
true interplanetary, let alone
interstellar spacecraft,
is used even today to create
UFO sightings around the world.
So we are told
by the Plejaren and Meier,
that the greater majority
of so-called UFO sightings
are actually craft that are US
and other secret military craft,
the danger still being that
a false UFO/ET attack
could be launched by one country
or another in order to
bring people under martial law
and worldwide control.
These are the only known
photographs taken from
within a UFO above the earth
with two other UFOs visible.
Meier took these
from inside Semjase's ship.
In this final photograph
we even get a clearer view
of the earth and land below.
We're looking at photographs
taken of Meier holding
a laser beam type weapon
on July 6th, 1977.
The photographer is
the woman Minara who brought him
this weapon, an antique
600-year-old beam-type weapon.
>>He looks a lot
younger here than in the movie.
>>He was
about 40 years old at this time.
>>And this is like
another film of his?
>>This is shot on the same day.
This was actually
the second time that the weapon
like this was brought to Meier,
and they decided to both
photograph and film him
handling the weapon
during this time.
>>So does anyone else
ever touch this weapon,
or is Meier the only one?
>>Well, Meier was
the only terrestrial person
to handle the weapon. There...
Minara was the person
who brought it,
and also another woman named
Alena. We'll see her
in a little bit. We have some
photographs of her.
The weapon had some
very unusual characteristics.
>>Like what?
>>Well, the weapon was said to
have a range of 37.2 kilometers,
and it had a screen on it
that Meier could look into
and see up to that distance,
as if whatever he was looking at
was close at hand.
All he had to do was
concentrate then on the target,
whether it would be
a little piece of a tree or
another vehicle or whatever,
and press the trigger,
pull back on the trigger,
and that beam would travel
as far as necessary to destroy
the object in question.
>>So he could basically
steer the weapon with his mind?
>>Well, this weapon wasn't
fully steerable with the mind.
It was more that he could
focus on whatever he wanted to.
He still had
to pull the trigger.
In their more recent technology,
they have weapons
that are controlled by the mind,
so that only the so-called
owner of the weapon could
actually activate and use it.
It doesn't require the use,
then, of a trigger, but rather
is mentally controlled
by the weapon's owner.
We're looking at a film
made 30 years ago
of a weapon that is at the time
allegedly 600 years old.
>>Who is this holding...?
>>This is Alena,
she's another extraterrestrial,
who comes from a very,very
distant system in space, and she
is holding the weapon here.
We see not only the weapon,
but this gold suit.
What I should tell you is that
when Wendelle Stevens
and the investigative team
first saw these photographs
and films, they thought,
number one, the weapon had to be
a toy, which they discovered
it wasn't by searching out every
toy supplier in Switzerland,
as well as toy stores,
and coming up with nothing.
Likewise, they searched out
through sporting goods stores
and clothing manufacturers
this type of an outfit
as well as simply looking for
a fabric that would
behave and appear as the gold,
apparent gold, foil
of Alena's outfit does.
They couldn't find that, either.
>>And what is this?
What's with this tree?
Well, this is one of the two
trees that Meier shot holes
through using this weapon.
This appears to be
the apple tree
about 10-12 inches in diameter.
They couldn't even find,
the investigators
couldn't even find a drill bit
that long, and plus,
as they examined the hole here,
they found out that
not only was it smooth as glass
all the way through,
but slightly oval, in addition
to the round entrance and exit.
There is no possible way
of drilling an oval hole.
>>What about these pictures?
>>Well, this is another tree
in the forest that Meier
had shot a hole through.
The investigators had then
taken a string, tied it
around the trunk, ran it
through the hole and then
carried it back
all the way into the forest.
They found that, in a straight
line from the entrance point
of this hole, everything was
singed or burned perfectly all
the way through as far as they
could walk it in the forest.
But remarkably,
there was no sap bubbling,
there was simply clean through,
immediate breaks
in the branches and twigs where
the beam had passed through.
>>...with any technology that I
know of, could not achieve this
on this earth's plane. I could
not explain the type of material
that I have in its discreteness
by any known combination
of materials. I could not
put it together myself.
>>The elements that we found
were totally surprising.
The major element,
which is shown here, was
the rare earth metal thulium.
And it was totally unexpected.
So now we've seen silicon, iron,
thulium, silver and copper.
All in a specimen
about this big.
When he examined the metal under
electron scanning microscope, he
then found the micro-machining
which was clear evidence to him
that this was a deliberately
manufactured product.
We found evidence of what looks
like mechanical manipulation.
One sees now discrete marks in a
diagonal form in this direction,
and marks in this direction.
But what is exciting,
it looks like it's been plowed,
in other words a pressure,
and there is a scarfing
on either side.
>>Do we know
what this metal is used for?
>>We're told that these metals
were representative of a
number of the different stages,
seven stages of manufacturing,
that the Plejaren go through
to create the metal for
their spacecraft.
>>I don't know how beneficial
it would be for us.
They're always more advanced
than we are, so we're
the savages in the jungle,
and that's not always beneficial
for the lesser-evolved person.
But they're here, they're here
studying us and we should know
about it, I think.
>>If these ETs exist,
why haven't they contacted us?
Well, actually,
there's two answers.
Number one is they certainly did
try to contact us,
meaning the government of
the United States, in 1979.
There was a letter sent
to the Carter administration.
But when I read that letter,
I really understood why
the contact didn't take place.
It really was demanding such
profound changes in the
consciousness of people
in this country, that there was
really no chance that
they were going to go for it.
Specifically that
President Carter and his
administration reveal,
to the American people,
that all of the
religious beliefs here are based
on fantasy, nonsense and lies.
All of the world coverage of
this case became a milestone
in ufology, and of course the
wonderful pictures and movies.
For the first time we had a
strong documented cases with
strong evidences, hard evidences
in video and photographs,
pieces of solid materials
from another world to analyze.
And also scores of testimonials
by Billy Meier of his contacts,
so I think that this moment
is enlightening in ufology.
Throughout history we know there
have been lots of times when,
you know, the world has
believed, for example, that
it was flat, and then it
was discovered that it wasn't.
And it only took maybe one or
two people to believe that.
So, it's what we call
a "type 2" error in research,
in other words, that you reject
something that actually is true.
[German]
>>The teaching of the spirit,
or the knowledge that is
transmitted to us by the
Plejaren is
so fundamentally different from
everything else here on earth.
[German]
>>What I learned from Sfath, the
first Plejaren contact person,
and that I could then process
everything and go around the
world with the help of a
Plejaren, and the great amount
I also learned out there
in the world,
and the great knowledge I could
draw from the storage banks
and also that from my own
thinking, my own realizations,
I could then start
to fulfill the mission.
All of this wasn't simply
information being given to me,
rather I had to work for it
all by myself.
The German language is
the best language that one can
actually have in the world in
order to precisely and clearly
explain everything just as it
really must be.
What we are
disseminating from here,
The Center in Hinterschmidruti,
is simply only a teaching,
and we call that
the teaching of the spirit,
or spiritual teaching,
or the teaching of truth.
Consciousness-related evolution
is the real meaning of life.
[German]
About 400 different texts,
about 40 books, and
3,000 copies are printed of each
book, which makes 120,000 books.
[rapid typing]
>>The universe is already
very, very old, and
everything took its time to come
into being, even human life.
The beginning is the cause from
which the effect came about.
It's the law of causality
which has to take effect.
The meaning of life is
the human being's evolution with
regard to his consciousness.
>>Billy, what is God?
>>God is
an imaginary figure which has
been created by human beings
so that they don't have to bear
responsibility themselves.
Rather
they can shift it onto a deity.
But "God", in and of itself, is
nothing other than a title for
a human being who is
very highly evolved.
God is therefore not, what
human beings wrongly assume,
that He is the creator,
the creator of life,
the creator of the universe,
of space...
God is nothing other than a
title, be it Allah or Shiva etc.
The human being always tries
to set a power above himself,
and he calls it, "God".
This God, or this power, is
supposed to be responsible
for him and everything and
anything that he says, does,
thinks and feels and so forth,
and for his fate.
The human being is solely
responsible for each and every
thing he thinks, does, feels
and undertakes.
He must be responsible for it.
He must bear and savor
all the positive and negative
which he processes through his
thoughts, actions and feelings.
It's good that he invented a new
term called Creation, which is..
I think maybe a bit broader.
Innocent, as well, you know?
If you say God or Allah,
then, you know, there is
a long heritage of maybe violent
history attached to it.
So maybe
let's call it Creation, then.
They simply want us
to look at the facts,
and learn to understand
the truth.
The Pleiadians said there are no
earth religions that are valid,
that they are all dogmas
created by men to create men.
We don't need an intercessor,
we shouldn't be taking anybody
else's ideas about religion.
It's all internal.
Everybody has his own contact
with the Creation.
Because in various cultures
from the Middle East, South and
Central Americas and India, etc,
all of the gods of the past
were extraterrestrial humans.
Many of them were the
forefathers of the Plejaren.
Because their ancestors
set in motion these religions,
which have led to many
of the problems we face today,
they want to help us.
But this time they
must do so without
directly interfering with us
because that would only lead to
them being worshiped again or
to their being attacked.
When we think about God and
religion and the universe,
we might want to consider that
we live on a little ball.
Actually, if we put it
in perspective, we live on
a piece of cosmic lint, somehow
magically suspended in space --
perfect operation,
everything's going on.
In religion we want to say that
God is responsible for that,
and that we should also fear
God, or maybe we won't be
sitting on a cloud after we die,
we'll be dipped eternally
in molten lava.
Not exactly a positive image.
And so on one hand we have the
spiritual teachings from Meier,
and the various religions
of our world. To understand the
difference between them, we
really have to look at both.
Then the human beings are no
longer in a position to think
for themselves. They still
only think in the framework
proscribed by religions, sects,
philosophies and ideologies.
But the human beings must
nurse their thoughts
from within themselves.
They have to learn their
thoughts and create
the respective feelings,
and it is only then
that they may detach
themselves from that which
the false teachings,
the erroneous teachings,
which hammering
fear into them, are bringing.
>>Here is a
memento for me
that someone nailed
on the door of the house.
"It's enough, you dog,
you will be put down."
Shortly after this note was
nailed on the door,
a couple of days later,
it came to a head,
and someone shot at me
once again and tried to kill me.
And here is the place that
I was once supposed
to come for a contact. Jacobus
was with me and two other men.
In the hours
of the night,
someone shot at me
from down there.
I dreamed about it days before,
and had hung a metal plate
in front of my chest
under my jacket,
and on top of it
a memorandum book.
And the bullet went through the
book and into the metal plate,
and so my life was saved through
a dream that I had had before.
Because I have dreams again and
again, which show me things
that will happen in the future.
>>Can we all have such dreams?
>>Actually, everybody can
have such dreams if they
concentrate on them,
and begin to steer their dreams,
and when they enable themselves
to somehow have visions
through dreams, dream visions,
prophetic dreams,
and so on and so forth.
But that naturally requires
that the human concentrates,
and uses his consciousness
to really make use of
the energies and forces
which arise from it.
>>Meier is not a pacifist. His
position is that self-defense
is a basic human right, but that
weapons may only be used
if there's absolutely no other
way to defend one's own life
or someone else's.
Even then, killing someone
in self-defense should be
the absolute last resort.
So, going to war
or attacking other persons
who do not directly threaten
one's self or others
is not self-defense,
but a punishable crime.
My weapons.
This is my son's army pistol.
In Switzerland,
the Swiss soldiers
have their weapons at home.
Small caliber rifles,
two submachine guns,
two Kalashnikovs,
and here is my revolver,
22 millimeter,
and this is my second army
weapon, 9mm, 44 magnum,
bulldog revolver.
>>Why do you have all these
weapons?
>>I actually carried these
weapons earlier
during night watches and for the
job I had, for security,
transporting money,
and so forth.
>>Wouldn't you say it's a bit
aggressive or even provocative
to hoard so many revolvers,
so many weapons?
>>No.
And this is my army pistol.
>>What do the Plejaren say
about self-defense?
And what about carrying weapons?
>>Self defense with weapons
is actually only appropriate
if it effectively involves
defending a life.
>>I see myself quite simply
as a teacher, as a herald,
even if they say that
I am a prophet.
And I simply see myself
as a quite normal human being.
The Silent Revolution of Truth
actually is exactly
the appropriate name
for what we are doing here.
First of all it has to do with
self-responsibility,
and that the human being
learns to go back to his roots,
without any compulsion,
and learn to be a human being.
The Plejaren say that they know,
not believe, but know,
that there is such a thing
called the "human spirit".
And there is a soul, but the
soul is a transitory element of
a human being, kind of located
in the solar plexus, primarily,
and it dissolves after death.
Let's get back to
the human spirit.
That is the
eternal and immortal part of us.
There's a
physical location for it,
which is deep within the brain.
They claim that they know this
to be true, and that
they also know that people
live numerous lives,
we're talking about
millions and millions of
different incarnations.
So in terms or reincarnation, we
might have a slogan that says,
"Don't worry about dying.
You'll live through it."
In living through it, it means
that you actually are born again
into a different personality.
They know, therefore,
scientifically, that the human
spirit comes into the fetus at
the third week, the 21st day.
Therefore, they allow abortion
up until that point, but
they don't allow it afterwards,
because they consider that
that would be murder.
So in our world, because we
don't know for certainty
that there is a human spirit,
we don't know
that there is reincarnation, we
either believe it or we don't,
we are polarized.
Those people who believe
that abortion is OK under any
conditions, and those who
believe that it isn't under any
conditions.
Both sides are actually right,
and both sides are wrong.
Once we know, scientifically,
that there is a human spirit,
and when it comes and attaches
to the embryo, we would resolve
that polarization issue, just as
the Plejaren apparently have.
This here
is the tree of life, and its
branches are pointing upwards.
But what's declared to be
the peace symbol these days
is the rune designating death.
In other words,
people use the sign upside down,
and it doesn't mean peace,
it means death.
The apostles of peace
around the world
even paint it on their faces.
This sign, the death sign,
has exactly the opposite effect
of "to live",
of everything growing upwards.
Everything must flourish,
everything must grow.
According to these teachings,
actually, the core problem is
overpopulation.
Because we are pressing against
our environment and each other,
causing enormous problems.
Our environmental problems are
largely due to
the abuse, degradation and
overuse of the environment.
Meier has been
writing about this since 1951.
Global warming, which is
a natural occurrence
to a certain degree,
is now 3 to 1, 75 percent
human-caused,
largely due to overpopulation.
It also produces
another problem, which is
illegal immigration.
When people in a country
have not attained economic and
educational standards,
productivity... at a certain
level that they crave,
they will migrate
into another country where
that accomplishment is present,
and they want to
take advantage
of that system.
It doesn't mean they're
bad people. It's
an impersonal thing.
It simply means that
they are not prepared
to solve their own problems.
They will therefore
start to degrade the very system
that they come in
and take advantage of.
They don't help
their home country,
so they actually betray their
responsibility of
bringing themselves and their
countrymen, their land,
up to the level
that they would aspire to have.
Illegal immigration sets up
strife, famine, wars --
civil unrest.
So when the Plejaren said,
years and years ago, decades
ago, that the United States
will suffer two civil wars,
one following the other,
I laughed at it, until I start
to look now at the problems
that we are recognizing
in our own country
due to illegal immigration.
>>What's the solution to
overpopulation, Michael?
>>According to
the information of this case,
a cessation of births.
Very simply, there is a
staggered means of
introducing births into a
society once it has attained a
reasonable level of population.
>>What would you say about the
relationship between
a man and a woman?
How does it really work?
>>An interpersonal relationship
between a man and a woman
must naturally be defined
according to what the
personal circumstances are
with the two people.
An interpersonal relationship
can simply be
from human to human in which
everything becomes valid,
as we have often already said,
such as love, empathy,
freedom, peace and harmony.
Then there are also
interpersonal relationships
which reach very much further,
and indeed to the extent that
a friendship comes about
whereby all these values
become very much deeper.
And then there is
a further possibility
where the two build up a
life-long union together,
where man and woman live
together as life partners.
It's all the same if they are
married according to legal
values, as the authorities
require it here on earth, or if
a free life partnership exists
which, luckily, is feasible
and allowed in our latitudes, or
in the western world.
>>Do you have something to say
to that, Michael?
>>About man and woman living
together?
>>Yeah.
I am not an expert in that area.
[laughter]
>>Billy, how do you see the rest
of the world coming to terms
with your teachings?
How can that come about?
>>When we are talking about the
rest of the world beyond our
Center here, and beyond our FIGU
community, it can only come
about the same way that a small
snowball rolling down a hill
will accumulate more and more
snow and grow bigger and bigger.
That means that the people who
come to us and understand what
we teach, and also make the
effort themselves to transform
what they learn into reality,...
...will further carry it to
their neighbors, acquaintances,
and friends, and so forth.
And, in this way,
everything slowly spreads out.
Perhaps the most startling
of what I call the
prophetically accurate
information in the Meier case
pertains to Meier's astronomical
information about numerous
planets, but especially Jupiter,
its rings, its moons.
Meier specifically said
that Io is the most volcanically
active body in the solar system.
He published that 5 months
before we discovered it.
More than a year after he
published the information on a
ring of Jupiter being composed
of ionized sulphur particles,
Science Magazine published that
information in January of 1980.
Most impressively, when I sent
Meier's information about Io
being the most volcanically
active body in the solar system,
as published by Meier 5 months
before the probe got there,
Professor Joseph Veverka,
the head of the astronomy
department at Cornell University
said the following to me,
and I quote --
"If he (Meier) said that,
three to six months before,
then all I can say is that
he was right."
In 1958, he publishes a letter
in which he foretells
two US wars with Iraq,
the second one he claims
will lead to
an unbelievable disaster.
He names AIDS as a coming
epidemic.
He names crystal meth as a
coming drug epidemic.
He specifically foretells
computers, credit cards, the
dates of various events
such as moon landings
and rocket launches,
years and decades
before these things occur.
>>So what do people do about it?
>>The problem is that we,
the people of earth,
do not learn
from prophecies and predictions.
We do not seem to have
the common sense,
let alone the wisdom,
to take the warning about things
that are going to occur.
You see, prophecies and
predictions really are
the manifestation of the law of
cause and effect.
That means that that which you
send out will come back.
>>What about the future,
Michael?
>>We're being told that we are
leaving an age,
an age of beliefs, and we're
entering an age of knowledge.
>>It's a difficult transition,
this move into the future.
It's going to be uncomfortable
because we've relied so much
on belief,
and not enough on knowledge.
If you get on an airplane,
you're gonna fly somewhere,
do you want to know that the
pilot
believes he can fly the plane,
or that he knows how to fly?
We've been given
a weather report.
Prophecies and predictions,
the difference between the two--
Prophecies are the likely
outcomes of
events that are in motion,
the effects of causes.
If we don't rectify them,
we get this negative outcome
called a Third World War.
Predictions are things that the
Plejaren claim are set in stone,
and they're usually relate
to more cosmic events.
A Planetary body, a meteor
coming through, a volcanic
eruption or an earthquake that
has nothing to do with
human activity.
In terms of the things that we
are most concerned about,
a third world war or terrorism.
Let's take the third world war.
It's not written in stone.
It's just that it's
a high probability unless
we as human beings go right back
to this core principle and take
responsibility for our thoughts.
Do we want to keep seeing
the world in this way?
Do we want to empower people
who are going to lead us
in these dead-end directions
that only lead to destruction?
Here's an unfortunate truth --
Our country, the United States,
in the past 60-some years
has launched over 200 unprovoked
attacks against other people.
The law of cause and effect
tells us that, sooner or later,
that pendulum comes back, and
comes back as a wrecking ball.
The war against terrorism
will not be won militarily.
Not through aggression
against people who had
nothing to do with it.
Not through recruiting
more terrorists by
bombing innocent people.
The way they recommend,
and they say it's an
age-, age-, age-old solution,
that all countries on earth
must contribute equally
to a true peace combat force.
This is a force of armed
soldiers under
true international law,
that are sent in to put down
terrorism, insurrections, wars
and criminality and aggression.
We could put down this type of
terrorism in a very short order.
Do we have the will, and do we
have the wisdom to do that?
True leadership from here on
only comes from the bottom up.
It's not going to come to us
from the top down.
We are in a time
of false leadership.
If we recognize a person of
integrity who stands for truth
and is willing to buck the tide
of all the pressures --
political, religious and
everything else -- yes,
we should support that person.
As it's said,
It will be later on in time,
the true mothers
of the millennium
who will
bring peace and harmony.
The women will come into
their true feminine power,
not the imitation of male power.
They will be in balance with
that, and they will bring
that element strongly forward
so that peace will come.
As we go into this new time,
structures are dissolving
and they're falling apart.
But that sounds like doom and
gloom. It isn't really.
It's that
the seeds of a new time,
the seeds of new understanding
and harmony and peace are
developing in the fertilizer,
if you will, of these
very, very
difficult times that we're in.
When I
ponder the negative and positive
which have occurred in my life,
I have to say that
I realize it is necessary that
the human being experiences both
-- the bad as well as the good.
I think
if we embrace the idea that
we are going to courageously
move forward to discover
how we can bring about
the kind of harmony that all,
every human being craves
within themselves,
we will awaken to this
age of knowledge and
to all of the parts of it
that would come with it.
This isn't just about ETs and
UFOs, as fascinating as that is.
It's about us and
our future survival.
The more I read, the more I felt
that I had a personal mission --
to help prove a lot of these
prophecies wrong.
By instilling some hope
and directing people to
think for themselves
so that we can leave a world
for our children
that's going to be
a lot better than
the one we're living in now.
>>If this all turns out to be a
hoax, what would you say?
>>Well, for me,
I only have one question,
and that would be,
"How did he do it?"
(captions by CaptionBear, 2014)